1. Get a blood test simply, myself, without going to a lab, and get the results overnight.
2. Build a house myself using standard small interchangeable parts like legos.
3. Build a website with a resolvable domain on the internet, a great theme, and configurable data inside of 5 minutes.
4. Locate where my dog is right now using a barely noticeable GPS chip.
5. Share my health and fitness data with my doctor and my trainer in real time and get advice.
6. Get somebody to come to my house, pick up my dry cleaning and drop it back off the next day (Amazon "Clean").
7. Have my car keep a web record of everywhere it has been, how it is doing, and what needs fixing or updating.
8. Find a list of all LA artists online, browse their work, and buy directly from them without going through an art dealer.
9. Send $10,000 to my caretaker in France and have her get the cash and withdraw it from an ATM that same day.
10. Get investors for my startup by advertising the stock offering on the web and selling shares directly.
11. Get a quick, binding divorce online.
12. Get a qualified guitar / piano / cello teacher to come to my house without randomly calling people on craigslist or doing general google searches.
13. Keep track of where everybody in my team is physically right now.
14.Vote online.
15. Call the police or the fire department or paramedics using an app.
16. Get a doctors house call using an app. (Uber for doctors).
17. Travel to space -- click, pay about 20 million, book a trip to the space station.
18. Invest $10,000 in Uber in the secondary market by buying some shares from an existing shareholder -- with just a few clicks.
19. Move $50,000 into a form of Bitcoin where the value is pegged to the USD, not a random number (the price of Bitcoin)
20. Find out which are the hot new restaurants in Paris from people who actually know.
21. take a picture of any object and find out where to buy it (Shazam for things)
22. have all my accounting being done as a SASS -- with 24/7 qualified accountants / planners / bill payers and a complete online record of my expense and balance sheet at all time available.
23. Click on a recipe, pick number of people, and have all the ingredients delivered to me the next day by Amazon Fresh
24. Enter all my favorite classical music playlists, and have it coordinate with my travel schedule to update me who is playing where.
25. Be able to take a course online and get graded -- and get a diploma that means something. Education is really ripe for disruption: Coursera is OK, but we need to invent Stanford 2.0
26. Be able to sell my advice online. It's worth something and I should have some way to monetize it.
27. Be able to see a list of all single people in LA right now and efficiently sort through this data, with two way opt-in, to find an ideal match
28. Find a teacher of general relativity online. I tried. 
29. See videos of restaurants before you go to them. Pictures can be decieving. I want a video.
30. Get a discount from the federal government for being healthy. Fat people should pay more taxes because they cost society more. This means some approved weigh in and testing centers
31. Be able to get a $100 MRI. It can be done for this price.
32. Be able to get into an ER for under $100. It's ridicoulous that a mere 15 min consultation can cost somebody (the system) $1000+.
Like
